Rootstock-foundry-starterkit automated update of documentation 2025-07-16-13-48-25 (#364)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Operations.md

```javascript
rns.setAddr('testing.rsk', '1BvBMSEYstWetqTFn5Au4m4GFg7xJaNVN2', ChainId.BITCOIN).then(() => console.log('Done!'))
```
### `contenthash`

Get decoded contenthash and protocol type associated of a given domain

**Signature**

```javascript
async contenthash(domain: string): Promise<DecodedContenthash>
```

**Parameters**

- `domain`: Domain to be resolved.

**Returns**

> - `DecodedContenthash`: object with the following fields.
>   - `decoded`: the decoded contenthash
>   - `protocolType`: could be `ipfs`, `bzz`, `onion` or `onion3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DecodedContenthash`: Object with the following fields.
  - `decoded`: The decoded contenthash
  - `protocolType`: May be either `ipfs`, `bzz`, `onion`, or `onion3`.
```

**Throws**

- [`KB003`](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors#kb003)
- [`KB025`](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors#kb025)
- [`KB026`](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors#kb026)
- [`KB027`](/rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors#kb027)

**Examples**

```javascript
rns.contenthash('testing.rsk').then(({ decoded, protocolType })) => console.log(`${protocolType}://${decoded})`)
```

### `setContenthash`

Set contenthash of a given domain

**Signature**

```javascript
async contenthash(domain: string): Promise<DecodedContenthash>
```

**Parameters**

- `domain`: Domain to associate the given contenthash.

> - `contenthash`: Contenthash to be associated to the given domain. Must be decoded, the library will encode and save it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contenthash`: Contenthash to be associated with the given domain. Must be decoded, the library will encode and save it.
```
